hello everyone I am escape and good and 1st
You see what the fuck I do in jala a lot with a
pj 346 of life 5 and 4 pm and now I will
I will teach and
is so skadden and I'm going to make a
of pvp yes that q3 is making a video
pull a lot I know but I want
explain things and how is it now
going medium well the computer can
record and good takes wisdom set and
now it will process to teach you to teach you
new word to my set and let's start
for good trophies let's start
first because I will
I'll do it in luck it will actually be
life but will stick with agile luck and what
better I have a surprise prepared that
will hit with something more than luck I've already
but I already know already it will be seen because I do not know if
do it well and good the spells that
I will go up will be words of favor for
the joke that is cheddadi ximo to 6
Look at 300% and 35 years is a whore
Bestiality leave you altruistic but
you give yourself for prevention and then to
next turn and you're cured and over
I already want to follow the miracle and I
passed here regeneration puts 3%
returned 6 shifts and each shift you
you can give that I love the cock
kid you heal there are a lot of 15%
each turn when it is already long
combat and good things more things more
things but I will also upload client that
clear and said that I'm from here luckily
I will also upload the stimulant to 6
prevention to 6
regeneration to 6
I did not remember to raise the vampire to
I'm no longer 6 and the other 5 vampires and
to 5 friendship to 5 and reconstitution to
5 and if they do run because so while
I give myself so maybe I can the next
Now I can go back
and I go back to cure and good
I have already shown you the set now
I will teach the statistics that I will have
I will be life all to life and after
will go up luck we would not have anything of
lucky here but the saint aimee the anus and
well now teach the set that
we will start with the trophies
I mean activity trophy not want
go up to 127 to 127 will be from pvp acrobat
medium robust medium player and I
I'll put some more theses in the dow fusta
and well after squirrel helmet of the
snows that gives 40 in luck 40 here in
normal life and there and a reach me
love and nine damage water does not see damage
air
hire cappa halal mutant and 202 in
intense life I saw a scope and they are not
bad damages
marmot and what I love already 190 66 57
initiative that always for good and for
bad hug thin fine because it's finished
the track is not a very good sacrum that already
You see how the foam and good I still
teaching sandal accuracy 162 invites
57 51 pm and such and such
and I join
and I accept I do not care where it is and we go
to see ring
as tesco 150 I invite 40 nach and that is
of course I put a little more chili because
strike from much farther
the belt of santi remains in cloth if
there is luck and agile
and not resume that nothing much
life but lots of luck, lots of chili and
over dice to the cancer and there is no damage
that are going to be I love and good
beef trophies and a few actions
of kings and backs of cattle and above him
I will hopefully not ppm that the guy has it
Well, good people are and promise what
Sorry for not uploading video some days
is that jobs the computer dies are
I dying to your computer so sorry
but is that I try to upload video and
even if it's a fucking shit because yes
this is very shabby
I want to go up to danny wants to go back to
pvp because I love pvp the subject was
the cock and if I have to say hello
say hello to snoop snow is the one I saw
fight in all bp and I loved I flipé
I love it and he is the one who told me
set thank you very much grade 8 is a
hacker and good
I hope you liked it I'm sorry for
be a fucking video so fucking because I
I know it's a fucking shit but it's that
I do not want to leave the channel so inactive
because I do not know I do not like anything and it's that
at least something I want to go up and good people
I hope you liked it like
favorites and promises to neither promise